Adding telemetry disclaimer (#24552)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: README.md

* File an issue via [Github Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/issues)
* Check [previous questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure+go) or ask new ones on StackOverflow using `azure` and `go` tags.

## Telemetry Configuration

Telemetry collection is on by default.

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described below. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and Microsoft’s [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704).

> To opt out, follow these steps. You can replace `azblob` in the example with the package you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To opt out, you can disable telemetry at client construction. Set `Disabled` to true in `ClientOptions.Telemetry`. This will disable telemetry for all methods in the client. Do this for every new client created.

The example below uses the `azblob` module. In your code, you can replace `azblob` with the package you are using.
```
Nit, but doesn't hurt to be more explicit.

```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azcore/policy"
	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity"
	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/storage/azblob"
)

func main() {

> 	// authenticate with Azure Active Directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	// authenticate with Microsoft Entra ID
```

> 	cred, _ := azidentity.NewAzureCLICredential(nil)

Reviewer 3: Your credential type doesn't do it, but I think some of the other credentials also report telemetry if they hit HTTP endpoints. 

For instance, the ManagedIdentityCredential: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/blob/main/sdk/azidentity/managed_identity_credential.go#L89.

Author: @richardpark-msft Should I replace it with `ManagedIdentityCredential`, keep in mind this is a generalized instruction

Reviewer 3: I think you should as it's a fairly common credential type, and they might not realize they have to opt out in both.

	// TODO: handle error

	opts := azblob.ClientOptions{
		ClientOptions: policy.ClientOptions{
			Telemetry: policy.TelemetryOptions{
				Disabled: true,
			},
		},
	}

	// create a client for the specified storage account
	client, _ := azblob.NewClient(account, cred, &opts)
	// TODO: handle error

>   // TODO: do something with the client

Reviewer 4: nit: spacing
